ABOUT US
Who is IBISWorld?
Founded in 1971, IBISWorld provides trusted industry research on thousands of industries worldwide.
Our in-house analysts leverage economic, demographic and market data, then add analytical and forward-looking insight, to help organizations of all types make better business decisions.
We’re a truly global company with over 400 employees in 6 offices around the world: New York, Los Angeles, Melbourne, London, Frankfurt and Beijing.
We’re proud of our employees, our clients and the work we do. We invite you to learn about our leadership,
careers and more.
Back in 1971, Australian business strategist and futurist Phil Ruthven founded IBISWorld as a consulting company and operated as such through the 1980s.
In 1987, IBISWorld shifted focus to concentrate solely on the electronic delivery of high quality industry information. A bold move considering this was pre-Internet!
Throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, IBISWorld expanded from Australia into Asia, followed by the United States, where we opened offices in New York and Los Angeles.
In the 2010s, we opened our London and Frankfurt offices.
Fast forward to 2021 (50 years since our founding!) and IBISWorld now offers a full suite of industry research and expert tools to clients all over the globe.
From commercial banks and financial services companies, to academic institutions, to consulting, accounting and legal firms, thousands of people depend on us to provide trusted industry research to help them make better business decisions, fast.
We look forward to serving you for the next 50 years and beyond.

What would it feel like to share the world with machines that could live in the wild and evolve on their own?
Artist Anicka Yi offers a vision of a new ecosystem within the Turbine Hall, the large post-industrial space at the heart of Tate Modern.
Originally part of Bankside Power Station, the hall was built to house electricity-generating machinery. Yi’s installation populates the space with machines once again.
Floating in the air, her machines – called aerobes – are based on ocean life forms and mushrooms. They re-imagine artificial intelligence, and encourage us to think about new ways machines might inhabit the world.
Yi has also created unique scentscapes which change weekly, with odours linked to a specific time in the history of Bankside.
Yi is known for her experimental work which explores the merging of technology and biology.
Through breaking down distinctions between plants, animals, micro-organisms and machines, she asks us to think about further understanding ourselves as humans and the ecosystems we live in.